Dear Mr. Wilde,

My name is Tomislav Nazifovic and I am writing this letter to express my interest in applying to the
position of Software Developer at dSPACE. I believe I can offer a significant contribution to the team.
My passion for developing software that is efficient, clear, and useful has only grown since I entered
the software development career.

I received my master’s degree in Faculty of science in Zagreb, Croatia, where I studied computer
science and physics, with emphasis on applied math as required by physics. Previously I worked as a
high school teacher, which has given me a range of social skills, from concise documentation to team
leadership, in addition to starting my development career with simple apps. In my current role as a
software developer in Ericsson Nikola Tesla, I’m responsible for writing and testing the code, as well
as overseeing the CICD procedures and testing system deployment. Most recently I was tasked with
leading a team who created a data collection system and machine learning model for electricity
saving on RAN nodes.

Unfortunately, because the projects I worked on are proprietary, I can only showcase the passion
projects I have on github, but those are limited by free time and still unfinished, but showcase the
types of technology I prefer working in.

I am very interested in working for dSPACE since I am also very interested in the domain of
simulations. Both of my thesis were computer simulations in the domain of physics, first one of
neutron moderation in a nuclear reactor, and the second of stellar light scattering on cosmic
nebulae, and during a significant part of my career I worked with physics simulation apps (as a
teacher), so I understand the significant benefit they give. Specifically, the domain of self-driving is
something that has long been a personal interest of mine, and, with e-mobility, is something I plan
on integrating in my personal life as soon as possible. The chance to contribute in that field is
something that is very exciting for me. Therefore, I believe that I would be a great fit and benefit for
the dSPACE.

Sincerely,
Tomislav Nazifovic